# CSCI 2113 - J1 
1. What is fault localization? Provide your answer using at least one **bolded** phrase using markdown.
    - Fault localization is when the program output for some given input **does not match** the expected output for the program. This means tracing the program execution in order to find the section of code causing the incorrect output. 
    
2. What are three benefits of Test Driven Development \(TDD)? Provide your answer using an unordered list in markdown.
    - All tests are not biased towards the code 
    - Writing tests gives you an idea on how to approach writing the code
    - Writing tests helps you consider the requirements of the system
    
3. Given the example of requirements for generating a password:
    * It must have at least one number 
        * Set {0...9}
    * It must have at least one uppercase letter.
        * Set {A...Z}
    * It must have at least one lowercase letter.
        * Set {a...z}
    * It must not contain the website gmail anywhere. \(For example if we were generating a password for gmail accounts)
        * Set of all words {w} such that w != "gmail"
    * It can only be made up of letters, numbers, and the underscore.
        * Set of { _ }
    * Answer
        * Valid 
        * Invalid 
            * Doesn't have an uppercase letter
            * Doesn't have a number
            * Doesn't have a lower case letter
            * Contains the word gmail in it
            * Missing some combination of an uppercase, lowercase, or number
            * Uses invalid characters

4. Complete the truth table below to show what inputs we need to achieve _active clause coverage_ for the following conditional:
```
if ( ( (a > b) or G ) and (x < y) )
```

| a > b | G | x < y | predicate outcome | clause responsible |
|-------|---|-------|-------------------|--------------------|
| T     | T | T     | T                 | All                |
| T     | T | F     | F                 | x < y              |
| T     | F | T     | T                 | a > b && x < y     |
| T     | F | F     | F                 | x < y              |
| F     | T | T     | T                 | G && x < y         |
| F     | T | F     | F                 | x < y              |
| F     | F | T     | F                 | a > b && G         |
| F     | F | F     | F                 | All                |

5. Consider the control flow graph below. What are all the paths \(using node numbers) that would achieve full path coverage as a test criteria? Is this a finite set?
```
1 -> 2 -> 5 -> 7 
    - Finite Set
1 -> 2 -> 5 -> 6 -> 7
    - Finite Set
1 -> 3 -> 5 -> 6 -> 7 
    - Finite Set
1 -> 3 -> 5 -> 7
    - Finite Set
1 -> 3 -> 4 -> 3 -> 5 -> 7 
    - Finite Set
1 -> 3 -> 4 -> 3 -> 5 -> 6 -> 7
    - Finite Set
```

6. What benefit does _mutation testing_ offer over other testing methods discussed in class? Use a link in markdown to link to the definition of mutation testing we have in our lecture notes from today.
    * [Mutex Testing](https://cs2113-f24.github.io/j/software_testing#syntactic-structures) helps create bugs automatically by changing specific variables which we know are faulty. It is also automated, which allows for comprehensive testing of the testing suite. 

7. Finish the in-class exercise for finding the fault in the `checkCode` method
    * See tests.txt file 